packages/app_bg_isolate/README.md, before:

App flutter background isolate

## General

This package to create a shared bg isolate between multiple "main" isolate (same process?).
It uses the isolate named server to find and expose the shared isolate.

The shared bg isolate must respond to 'ping' command (check the timeout during detection)
to check whether the isolate is alive and running.

### Setup

```yaml
dependencies:
  tekartik_app_flutter_bg_isolate:
    git:
      url: git://github.com/alextekartik/background_flutter_exp.dart
      ref: main
      path: packages/app_bg_isolate
    version: '>=0.2.2'
```

### Usage

You need to declare at least a port name and an isolate entry point:

```dart
/// The service port name.
var _portName = 'MyService';

/// The service entry point.
void myBgIsolate(SendPort callerSendPort) {
  print('testBgIsolate');
  final receivePort = initIsolate(callerSendPort, _portName);

  var service = MyService();
  if (receivePort == null) {
    return;
  }
  receivePort.listen((msg) async {
    WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
    var command = ServiceCommandIn.fromEncodable(msg);

    dynamic result = await service.onCommand(command.method, command.param);
    command.sendPort.send(result);
  });
}

/// The service implementation
class MyService extends AppBgServiceBase {
  @override
  Future<Object?> onCommand(String method, Object? param) async {
    switch (method) {

    /// Your must implement support for this command
      case servicePingMethod:
        return param;
      default:
        throw UnimplementedError();
    }
  }
}
```

Then each client must find the isolate to send command to using:

```dart
var isolate = (await BgIsolate.instance(
        context: BgIsolateContext(name: _portName, isolateFn: myBgIsolate)))!;
/// Try the generic ping command
await isolate.sendCommand(servicePingMethod);
```

Commit message:

feat: add kill command for terminating a task

packages/app_bg_isolate/README.md, after:

App flutter background isolate

## General

This package to create a shared bg isolate between multiple "main" isolate (same process?).
It uses the isolate named server to find and expose the shared isolate.

The shared bg isolate must respond to 'ping' command (check the timeout during detection)
to check whether the isolate is alive and running.

The shared bg isolate must also respons to a 'kill' command to terminate itself.

### Setup

```yaml
dependencies:
  tekartik_app_flutter_bg_isolate:
    git:
      url: git://github.com/alextekartik/background_flutter_exp.dart
      ref: main
      path: packages/app_bg_isolate
    version: '>=0.2.2'
```

### Usage

You need to declare at least a port name and an isolate entry point:

```dart
/// The service port name.
var _portName = 'MyService';

/// The service entry point.
void myBgIsolate(SendPort callerSendPort) {
  print('testBgIsolate');
  final receivePort = initIsolate(callerSendPort, _portName);

  var service = MyService();
  if (receivePort == null) {
    return;
  }
  receivePort.listen((msg) async {
    WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
    var command = ServiceCommandIn.fromEncodable(msg);

    dynamic result = await service.onCommand(command.method, command.param);
    command.sendPort.send(result);
  });
}

/// The service implementation
class MyService extends AppBgServiceBase {
  @override
  Future<Object?> onCommand(String method, Object? param) async {
    switch (method) {

    /// Your must implement support for this command
      case servicePingMethod:
        return param;
      default:
        throw UnimplementedError();
    }
  }
}
```

Then each client must find the isolate to send command to using:

```dart
var isolate = (await BgIsolate.instance(
        context: BgIsolateContext(name: _portName, isolateFn: myBgIsolate)))!;
/// Try the generic ping command
await isolate.sendCommand(servicePingMethod);
```
